ladies is it when you from king and
queen 2010 on Lauren and Kent
I'm quiet you know you may
pression love found I'm scared to know
mum always on your mom
leaving the best fall down some
you fall in time somehow find you
I color
don't stop here
nah lost not play
I'm close behind
even the best fall down sometimes and
even the wrong words seem to none of the
towel that fills your
you finally find
i canna music stopped the music stops
stop stop
if you're not home before you're careful
your mum and dad will kill me Nigel what
did you think um I thought that that
proved three things to me um first what
a really good contemporary dance lauren
s secondly got a really good
contemporary dancer kenter's and thirdly
what a really good contemporary
choreographer Travis's
individually now Loren I you really are
a very strong dancer your athletic your
gymnastic and I I'm always looking for
the heart in you I sometimes find that
your heart I can't see it I can't feel
it I did tonight and it was really there
for me and Kent you're such a hard
worker I think at the end of the day all
of your hard work is gonna pay off in
this competition I really do between the
pair of you you really are the ultimate
in male and female dancers in this
competition this year congratulations
apparently Mia what did you think of
this partnership I felt that was
absolutely stunning that piece was so
gorgeous everything about it um your
connection was there and Lauren you are
like for me the perfect female dancer in
this because there's that athlete but
then there's the technique and then
there's the soul and usually you're
lacking the soul and it was there and I
don't it was so there and I don't know
if it was Kent that is allowing you to
feel safe and open and vulnerable
because that was like for me you had a
great night tonight amazing
beautiful work you're a solid male
contemporary dancer and you had a great
evening to ya I can sum it up in saying
that I felt a little bit embarrassed
because it became so honest and the
connection became so very real that I
felt it was too intimate and real for
actually meet I felt weird to be
watching it and that's a really good
thing